Account Activation page.
We will have a unique token in the URL and we will use that token to activate the user.
Now let's open the account activation page and here I'm typing activate and just random number like
five.
So the activation page is visible.
So as soon as the page is opened, we will use this.
Token, for instance, five here.
And we are going to take this token and send it to back end.
So we will see how we are going to take that token from the URL in the section.
But to make the testing a bit easier, let's add additional links right here in this app component.
I'm not going to add to the navigation bar.
I'm just going to add the app component right here.
So let's have another link here.
And this is going to be a router link and this is, let's say, going to activate, activate one, activate
one and another one.
This is going to activate to saving it.
So we have the links, but to see the URL, let's make the browser bigger.
So if I click to the activate one, it goes to the activate one URL and if I click to activate two,
it goes to the activate two.
So this is the links we are going to use in testing now.
We are going to access to this information like we will just take the ID from the URL.
We are going to take that value in activate component and to take that ID, we will use another angular
router functionality and it is we are going to inject it to this activate component and it is it's called
this one is root and the type of this object is activate that root activated drought coming from the
angular router.
So this is the object contains the ID in the URL and right here in the IMG in it.
So when this component is initialized, this lifecycle function is called so we can do something like
this, we can access to this root and it has params.
And this params is like the typical I think it is observable here we see it is observable so we can
subscribe to it.
Basically, whenever root is changed, this subscription will work and we will receive, let's say,
the params and we can just lock the params here.
So saving this one and let's open the developer tools switching to the console so we see the ID too.
But let's go to homepage first.
Let's clear this console and let's click to the activate one.
Now we are seeing this object, having the ID and the one this this one is coming from the URL and if
we click to the activate two, we are seeing the ID two.
So that's how we are able to get the ID in this activate component.
So we have this dependency in the actuate component.
Now, at the moment, we are not going to add the test for this one because I would like to show you
the the observable.
Like this one, we are going to use this one and previously we have used another observable is typical
length.
And in the next lecture I will show the basics of the observable and then we are going to use that in
the test.
But at the moment we added a new dependency to the Activate component and the Activate component test
is failing.
This is the default test activate component spec.
Yes.
So this is the default test at the moment.
Let's not focus into this one.
We are going to fix it.
But first we will see how the observable is working in the next lecture.
Then we will fix our tests and add our new tests for taking the token from the pad and making the API
request to the backend.